welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10
episode 16. the season finale is finally
here after the long-covered quarantine
delay watch my previous recaps if you
need to be caught up but otherwise here
it is the end of the whisperer war
beta has led his zombie horde to attack
our gang and he has gone full crazy now
here's the zombie talking to him they've
got a pretty good evacuation plan in
place luke has managed jerry rigga's
sound system they're going to lead the
zombie order away but to do that some of
them need to sneak through the zombie
horde
if you get claustrophobic and large
crowds this is terrifying it's basically
the worst music festival ever especially
because the zombies do not respect covet
social distancing another scary thing is
that among these walkers are the
whisperers themselves but oh
our gang's got snipers on the roof to
take them out but beta the zombie
shepherd savant is able to bring them
all in tighter nullifying that advantage
so when you run into a whisper you have
to have a super low-key quiet fight
because if you scream out the zombies
will swarm ya they got this one down but
oh
stabs the leg of the girl from oceanside
who's i feel bad not knowing her name
cause now she gets a real gruesome death
she had the speaker parts too carol
can't get to it but who's this managed
to sneak on in there it's lydia wearing
her mom alpha's mask lydia and carol
have had some emotional thing going on
carol kind of avoids her because she
reminds her of henry's death she's like
look kid i don't want to be your
surrogate mom and lydia's like i'm
basically an adult i mean we can just be
friends
and so their plan works the music starts
playing and the horde turns around yeah
they've got their epic sound system
hooked up to the horse and carriage and
luke a music connoisseur has picked out
my favorite song
talking heads burning down the house but
back at the tower the whisperers are
breaking through like the minds of moria
instead of a cave troll though they have
a nail bomb all while everyone else
escapes it's father gabriel staying
behind to buy time ready to make his
last stand
oh father gabriel looks like this is his
death scene and even though he's never
been my favorite character he's been
around for so long and has evolved into
kind of a cool dude it's gonna be sad to
see him go but wait what's this
all he's saved by this crazy mass dude
with ninja blades
and working with him is maggie yeah
she's back on the show
she finally got the letter about the
whispers and came back to help but where
has she been and who is her wild new
friend
elsewhere the music gang is still
leading the horde away but unfortunately
luke couldn't make a playlist it's just
the same song on repeat which even
though i love it
would get annoying but the more pressing
problem is the whisperers who are now
using the walkers as human shields which
is
incredibly effective actually they
managed to break down the cart and
destroy the music so the horde turns
back around
daryl's like alright guys it's time for
plan b sneak through the horde killing
the whisperers yes our gang can be just
as stealthy and scary as they are then
it's time for the final showdown between
beta
and negan yeah beta really hates him
cause he hooked up with then murdered
his crush alpha he's about to kill negan
but
oh it's daryl coming in to save the day
boom double knives to the face
beta has this whole weird vision of
alpha and the zombies caress in him but
in reality he's being torn apart and
with his mask finally off negan
recognizes that he was a famous country
singer
daryl though not a music fan you know
who that [ __ ] was
yeah nobody so as the resident zombie
hurting expert lydia's leading the horde
off a cliff
carol comes up though like hey i'll take
it from here i've lived through 10
seasons of this i'm ready to sacrifice
myself so is this where carol dies
no lydia grabs her at the last second
you can't die carol we've just connected
plus it just got confirmed you and daryl
have your own spin-off series in the
works but she got close enough to the
edge the rest of the zombie horde
lemming themselves off the cliff lydia
pulls out her mother's mask and tosses
it off the edge the end of the
whisperers
an epic cinematic moment the walking
dead reminding us that they can still be
primetime tv and so our gang survived
the whisperers with very few casualties
no major characters in fact we've got
plus one major character cause now
maggie's back and even though it's been
announced that season 11 will be the
final season
they're not done yet because who's this
that's still alive it's daryl's death
girlfriend connie yeah she got trapped
in the cave like a million years ago but
she's made it out and who does she meet
here but
virgil the guy that michonne went off
with elsewhere eugene's crew is rushing
to meet his radio girlfriend for a hot
date they make it to the rendezvous but
they're way late it doesn't seem like
anyone's here eugene's not giving up
hope though he has faith that his lady
love is out there
damn you're one really horny dude
but wait what's this there is someone
here it's a bunch of stormtroopers
what yeah this is a serious new group
friend or foe
find out next time on the walking dead
this was the season 10 finale but
apparently later instead of season 11
they're just doing more of season 10
whatever they call it hit that subscribe
button because when there's more walking
dead i'll be there recapping it
including the new spin-off series world
beyond which features the helicopters
that took rick plus i will be doing
individual episode recaps of fear the
walking dead coming back next weekend